refactor: next pass on the module (#301)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-vpe-module: examples/default/README.md

> # End to end example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# End-to-end example
```

> This example creates the following infrastructure:
>  - A resource group, if one is not passed in.
>  - A VPC, if one is not passed in.
>    - The VPC that is created has got 3 subnets across the 3 availability zones of the region that is passed as input.
>  - Create a new security group in the VPC
>    - The security group has got one single inbound rule allowing traffic from resources attached to the default VPC security group. This rule is added as an example.
>  - Two virtual private endpoint (VPE) gateways - one VPE to COS and another VPE to Key protect by default (configurable through the `service_endpoints` input)
>    - Each of the two virtual private endpoint gateways are attached to the 3 VPC subnets.
>    - Attach the new security group created above to the two VPE gateways

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates the following infrastructure:
- A resource group, if one is not passed in.
- A VPC, if one is not passed in.
    - The VPC is created with three subnets across the three availability zones of the region that is passed as input.
- A security group in the VPC.
    - The security group is created with a single inbound rule that allows traffic from resources that are attached to the default VPC security group. This rule is added as an example.
- Two virtual private endpoint (VPE) gateways. By default, one VPE to COS and another VPE to Key Protect are created. You can change the defaults by using the `service_endpoints` input.
    - Each of the two virtual private endpoint gateways are attached to the three VPC subnets.
    - The new security group is attached to the two VPE gateways.
```
